ADD: reconnecting to modbus on configure (#11)
AGH-CEAI/robotiq_hande_driver: robotiq_hande_driver/CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> * [PR-11](https://github.com/AGH-CEAI/robotiq_hande_driver/pull/11) - Reconnecting to modbus on configure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [PR-11](https://github.com/AGH-CEAI/robotiq_hande_driver/pull/11) - Added automatic reconnection to Modbus during configuration.
```

### Fixed

> * [PR-11](https://github.com/AGH-CEAI/robotiq_hande_driver/pull/11) - Modbus connection check always fails

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [PR-11](https://github.com/AGH-CEAI/robotiq_hande_driver/pull/11) - Fixed an issue where the Modbus connection check always failed.
```
